_plugins/active_filters_extended.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: active_filters_extended
title: Active Filters Extended
description: Makes the enabled terminal filters persistent between browser reloads and from different connecting clients.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3
date: 2018-11-17

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-ActiveFiltersExtended
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-ActiveFiltersExtended
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-ActiveFiltersExtended/archive/master.zip
follow_dependency_links: false

tags:
- filters
- regex
- terminal

compatibility:
  # list of compatible versions, for example 1.2.0. If left empty no specific version requirement will be assumed
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.6
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

---
# Active Filters Extended

This plugin makes use of [knockout.observableStorage](https://github.com/Maultasche/knockout.observableStorage) plugin licensend under [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) and is a fork of [OctoPrint-ActiveFilters](https://github.com/MoonshineSG/OctoPrint-ActiveFilters) plugin.

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip if you find this plugin helpful.

[![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/active_filters_extended/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>

Commit message:

jneilliii patreon (#490)
updated all my plugins with Patreon link

_plugins/active_filters_extended.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: active_filters_extended
title: Active Filters Extended
description: Makes the enabled terminal filters persistent between browser reloads and from different connecting clients.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3
date: 2018-11-17

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-ActiveFiltersExtended
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-ActiveFiltersExtended
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-ActiveFiltersExtended/archive/master.zip
follow_dependency_links: false

tags:
- filters
- regex
- terminal

compatibility:
  # list of compatible versions, for example 1.2.0. If left empty no specific version requirement will be assumed
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.6
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

---
# Active Filters Extended

This plugin makes use of [knockout.observableStorage](https://github.com/Maultasche/knockout.observableStorage) plugin licensend under [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT) and is a fork of [OctoPrint-ActiveFilters](https://github.com/MoonshineSG/OctoPrint-ActiveFilters) plugin.

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](/assets/img/plugins/active_filters_extended/patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/active_filters_extended/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>
