_plugins/AutoTerminalInput.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: AutoTerminalInput
title: Auto Terminal Input
description: Automatically focuses the command input when switching to the Terminal tab in OctoPrint.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2020-04-01

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-AutoTerminalInput
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-AutoTerminalInput
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-AutoTerminalInput/archive/master.zip

tags:
- terminal

compatibility:
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0
  os:
  - linux
  - windows
  - macos
  - freebsd
  python: ">=2.7,<4"
---

# OctoPrint-AutoTerminalInput

Simple plugin that will automatically activate the command input field when switching to the Terminal tab of OctoPrint.

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip if you find this plugin helpful.

[![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/AutoTerminalInput/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>

Commit message:

jneilliii patreon (#490)
updated all my plugins with Patreon link

_plugins/AutoTerminalInput.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: AutoTerminalInput
title: Auto Terminal Input
description: Automatically focuses the command input when switching to the Terminal tab in OctoPrint.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2020-04-01

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-AutoTerminalInput
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-AutoTerminalInput
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-AutoTerminalInput/archive/master.zip

tags:
- terminal

compatibility:
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0
  os:
  - linux
  - windows
  - macos
  - freebsd
  python: ">=2.7,<4"
---

# OctoPrint-AutoTerminalInput

Simple plugin that will automatically activate the command input field when switching to the Terminal tab of OctoPrint.

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](/assets/img/plugins/AutoTerminalInput/patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/AutoTerminalInput/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>
