_plugins/bedlevelingwizard.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: bedlevelingwizard
title: OctoPrint-BedLevelingWizard
description: Plugin to aid in the process of manually leveling your bed.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2018-07-16

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelingWizard
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelingWizard
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelingWizard/archive/master.zip

tags:
- manual bed leveling
- bed leveling

compatibility:
  python: ">=2.7,<4"
---

# Bed Leveling Wizard
    
This plugin mimcs the Simplify3D Bed Leveling Wizard process. Configure default settings in OctoPrint settings.  When ready to level your bed press Start on the plugin's sidebar panel and adjust that point's screw.  Press Next and then adjust that point's screw, and repeat until finished.

## Screenshots

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelingwizard/sidebar.png)

## Settings

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelingwizard/settings.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip if you find this plugin helpful.

[![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelingwizard/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>

Commit message:

updated all my plugins with Patreon link

_plugins/bedlevelingwizard.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: bedlevelingwizard
title: OctoPrint-BedLevelingWizard
description: Plugin to aid in the process of manually leveling your bed.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2018-07-16

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelingWizard
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelingWizard
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelingWizard/archive/master.zip

tags:
- manual bed leveling
- bed leveling

compatibility:
  python: ">=2.7,<4"
---

# Bed Leveling Wizard
    
This plugin mimcs the Simplify3D Bed Leveling Wizard process. Configure default settings in OctoPrint settings.  When ready to level your bed press Start on the plugin's sidebar panel and adjust that point's screw.  Press Next and then adjust that point's screw, and repeat until finished.

## Screenshots

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelingwizard/sidebar.png)

## Settings

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelingwizard/settings.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelingwizard/patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelingwizard/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>
