_plugins/bedlevelvisualizer.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: bedlevelvisualizer
title: Bed Level Visualizer
description: Displays 3D mesh of bed topography report.
author: jneilliii
license: MIT License

date: 2018-04-14

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelVisualizer/
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelVisualizer/
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelVisualizer/archive/master.zip

tags:
- bed level
- mesh
- tab
- graph

compatibility:
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0
  os:
  - linux
  - windows
  - macos
  - freebsd
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/bedlevelvisualizer/screenshot.png

---
# Bed Visualizer

This plugin utilizes [Plotly](https://plot.ly/plotly-js-scientific-d3-charting-library/) js library to render a 3D surface of the bed's reported mesh on a tab within OctoPrint. It converts this

```
Send: G29 T
Recv: echo:Home XYZ first
Recv: 
Recv: Bed Topography Report:
Recv: 
Recv: (0,9)                                                                   (9,9)
Recv: (30,270)                                                                (270,270)
Recv:  -0.452   -0.319   -0.237    0.287    0.140    0.139    0.136    0.317    0.247    0.247
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.195   -0.273   -0.180   -0.178    0.014    0.018    0.111    0.214    0.210    0.210
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.270   -0.252   -0.151   -0.119    0.009    0.016    0.072    0.249    0.224    0.224
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.307   -0.205   -0.163   -0.124   -0.094   -0.002    0.036    0.151    0.174    0.196
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.186   -0.130   -0.152   -0.105   -0.144   -0.007    0.044    0.093    0.181    0.270
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.010   -0.077   -0.073    0.155   -0.006   -0.133    0.110    0.046    0.109    0.173
Recv: 
Recv:   0.059   -0.094   -0.072   -0.002   -0.006    0.037    0.050    0.065    0.124    0.184
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.057   -0.028    0.039    0.028    0.024    0.005    0.102    0.165    0.176    0.187
Recv: 
Recv:   0.067    0.015    0.096    0.117    0.001    0.079    0.138    0.346    0.185    0.185
Recv: 
Recv: [ 0.071]   0.014    0.061   -0.127    0.167    0.040    0.098    0.195    0.194    0.194
Recv: (30,30)                                                                    (270,30)
Recv: (0,0)                                                                     (9,0)
Recv: ok P15 B3
```
into this

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelvisualizer/screenshot.png)

## Settings

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelvisualizer/settings_general.png)

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelvisualizer/settings_stored_mesh.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip if you find this plugin helpful.

[![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelvisualizer/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>

Commit message:

updated all my plugins with Patreon link

_plugins/bedlevelvisualizer.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: bedlevelvisualizer
title: Bed Level Visualizer
description: Displays 3D mesh of bed topography report.
author: jneilliii
license: MIT License

date: 2018-04-14

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelVisualizer/
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelVisualizer/
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BedLevelVisualizer/archive/master.zip

tags:
- bed level
- mesh
- tab
- graph

compatibility:
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0
  os:
  - linux
  - windows
  - macos
  - freebsd
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/bedlevelvisualizer/screenshot.png

---
# Bed Visualizer

This plugin utilizes [Plotly](https://plot.ly/plotly-js-scientific-d3-charting-library/) js library to render a 3D surface of the bed's reported mesh on a tab within OctoPrint. It converts this

```
Send: G29 T
Recv: echo:Home XYZ first
Recv: 
Recv: Bed Topography Report:
Recv: 
Recv: (0,9)                                                                   (9,9)
Recv: (30,270)                                                                (270,270)
Recv:  -0.452   -0.319   -0.237    0.287    0.140    0.139    0.136    0.317    0.247    0.247
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.195   -0.273   -0.180   -0.178    0.014    0.018    0.111    0.214    0.210    0.210
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.270   -0.252   -0.151   -0.119    0.009    0.016    0.072    0.249    0.224    0.224
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.307   -0.205   -0.163   -0.124   -0.094   -0.002    0.036    0.151    0.174    0.196
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.186   -0.130   -0.152   -0.105   -0.144   -0.007    0.044    0.093    0.181    0.270
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.010   -0.077   -0.073    0.155   -0.006   -0.133    0.110    0.046    0.109    0.173
Recv: 
Recv:   0.059   -0.094   -0.072   -0.002   -0.006    0.037    0.050    0.065    0.124    0.184
Recv: 
Recv:  -0.057   -0.028    0.039    0.028    0.024    0.005    0.102    0.165    0.176    0.187
Recv: 
Recv:   0.067    0.015    0.096    0.117    0.001    0.079    0.138    0.346    0.185    0.185
Recv: 
Recv: [ 0.071]   0.014    0.061   -0.127    0.167    0.040    0.098    0.195    0.194    0.194
Recv: (30,30)                                                                    (270,30)
Recv: (0,0)                                                                     (9,0)
Recv: ok P15 B3
```
into this

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelvisualizer/screenshot.png)

## Settings

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelvisualizer/settings_general.png)

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelvisualizer/settings_stored_mesh.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelvisualizerbedlevelvisualizerbedlevelvisualizer/patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/bedlevelvisualizer/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>
