_plugins/BLTouch.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: BLTouch
title: OctoPrint-BLTouch
description: Simple plugin to add BLTouch controls to the Control tab.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2017-07-14

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BLTouch
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BLTouch
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BLTouch/archive/master.zip

follow_dependency_links: false

tags:
- BLTouch

compatibility:
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/BLTouch/screenshot.png

---

# BLTouch

Simple plugin to add BLTouch controls to the Control tab.

## Screenshot

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/BLTouch/screenshot.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip if you find this plugin helpful.

[![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/BLTouch/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>

Commit message:

jneilliii patreon (#490)
updated all my plugins with Patreon link

_plugins/BLTouch.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: BLTouch
title: OctoPrint-BLTouch
description: Simple plugin to add BLTouch controls to the Control tab.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2017-07-14

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BLTouch
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BLTouch
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-BLTouch/archive/master.zip

follow_dependency_links: false

tags:
- BLTouch

compatibility:
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/BLTouch/screenshot.png

---

# BLTouch

Simple plugin to add BLTouch controls to the Control tab.

## Screenshot

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/BLTouch/screenshot.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](/assets/img/plugins/BLTouch/patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/BLTouch/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>
