_plugins/customControl.md, before:

---
layout: plugin
id: customControl
title: Custom Controls
description: Makes Custom Controls editable via settings
author: Marc Hannappel (Salandora)
license: AGPLv3
date: 2015-04-26
homepage: https://github.com/Salandora/octoprint-customControl
source: https://github.com/Salandora/octoprint-customControl
archive: https://github.com/Salandora/octoprint-customControl/archive/master.zip
screenshots:
- url: /assets/img/plugins/customControl/img1.png
  alt: Settings
- url: /assets/img/plugins/customControl/img2.png
  alt: Dialog
- url: /assets/img/plugins/customControl/img3.png
  alt: Settings
- url: /assets/img/plugins/customControl/img4.png
  alt: Dialog
featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/customControl/img4.png
tags:
- administration
- ui
compatibility:
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0

---
    
This plugin helps you create, edit and delete your custom controls.
You can easly access all the options in the settings under customControl.

Right-Click on a Control or the Green box to open a context menu.

By using the container elements you can easly position the controls where you want.

Commit message:

Updated Custom Control Editor repository entry

_plugins/customControl.md, after:

---
layout: plugin
id: customControl
title: Custom Control Editor
description: Makes custom controls editable via the settings dialog
author: Marc Hannappel (Salandora)
license: AGPLv3
date: 2015-04-26
homepage: https://github.com/Salandora/octoprint-customControl
source: https://github.com/Salandora/octoprint-customControl
archive: https://github.com/Salandora/octoprint-customControl/archive/master.zip
screenshots:
- url: /assets/img/plugins/customControl/custom_control.gif
  alt: Demonstration
- url: /assets/img/plugins/customControl/img1.png
  alt: Settings
- url: /assets/img/plugins/customControl/img2.png
  alt: Dialog
- url: /assets/img/plugins/customControl/img3.png
  alt: Settings
- url: /assets/img/plugins/customControl/img4.png
  alt: Dialog
featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/customControl/img4.png
tags:
- administration
- ui
compatibility:
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0

---
    
This plugin helps you create, edit and delete your [custom controls](http://docs.octoprint.org/en/master/features/custom_controls.html).
You can easily access all the options in the settings under "Custom Control Editor".

Right click on a control or the green box to open a context menu.

By using the container elements you can easily position the controls where you want.
