_plugins/custombackground.md, before:

---
layout: plugin
    
id: custombackground
title: OctoPrint-CustomBackground
description: Plugin to change the background image on the temperature graph.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3
    
date: 2017-08-27
    
homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-CustomBackground
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-CustomBackground
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-CustomBackground/archive/master.zip
    
follow_dependency_links: false
    
tags:
- background
- image
- temperature_graph

compatibility:
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/CustomBackground/screenshot.png

---

# Custom Background
    
This plugin allows you to upload an image to your OctoPrint instance like a gcode file and it will replace the default background of the Temperature graph with that image.

## Screenshots

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/CustomBackground/screenshot.png)

## Settings

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/CustomBackground/settings.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip if you find this plugin helpful.

[![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/CustomBackground/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>

Commit message:

jneilliii patreon (#490)
updated all my plugins with Patreon link

_plugins/custombackground.md, after:

---
layout: plugin
    
id: custombackground
title: OctoPrint-CustomBackground
description: Plugin to change the background image on the temperature graph.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3
    
date: 2017-08-27
    
homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-CustomBackground
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-CustomBackground
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-CustomBackground/archive/master.zip
    
follow_dependency_links: false
    
tags:
- background
- image
- temperature_graph

compatibility:
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/CustomBackground/screenshot.png

---

# Custom Background
    
This plugin allows you to upload an image to your OctoPrint instance like a gcode file and it will replace the default background of the Temperature graph with that image.

## Screenshots

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/CustomBackground/screenshot.png)

## Settings

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/CustomBackground/settings.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](/assets/img/plugins/CustomBackground/patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/CustomBackground/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>
