_plugins/DisplayLayerProgress.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: DisplayLayerProgress
title: DisplayLayerProgress 
description: Displays the current processing layer and the percentage in "Printer-Display" and in top "NavBar"
author: Olli
license: AGPLv3

date: 2018-04-09

homepage: https://github.com/OllisGit/OctoPrint-DisplayLayerProgress
source: https://github.com/OllisGit/OctoPrint-DisplayLayerProgress
archive: https://github.com/OllisGit/OctoPrint-DisplayLayerProgress/archive/master.zip

follow_dependency_links: false

tags:
- display
- lcd
- printer
- progress
- layer

screenshots:
- url: /assets/img/plugins/DisplayLayerProgress/example-navbar-display.jpg
  alt: Example of NavBar Display
  caption: Example of NavBar Display
- url: /assets/img/plugins/DisplayLayerProgress/example-printer-display.jpg
  alt: Example of Printer Display
  caption: Example of Printer Display


featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/DisplayLayerProgress/example-navbar-display.jpg

---

A OctoPrint-Plugin that sends the current progress of a print via M117 command to the printer-display and also to the top navigation bar.
It shows the percentage, the current layer and the total layer count:

- Printer Display: 50% 60/120
- NavBar: Progress: 50% Layer: 60/120

ATTENTION: The layer information output only works with Cura generated G-Code, because Cura insert the layer information (layer, layerCount) as comments in the file.

For implementation details please visit the homepage.

Commit message:

Update DisplayLayerProgress: More information about usage. (#183)
* Added plugin DisplayLayerProgress

* Update DisplayLayerProgress-Plugin: description and screenshots

* DisplayLayerProgress: Typo

* Update DisplayLayerProgress: More information about usage.

_plugins/DisplayLayerProgress.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: DisplayLayerProgress
title: DisplayLayerProgress 
description: Displays the current processing layer and the percentage in "Printer-Display" and in top "NavBar"
author: Olli
license: AGPLv3

date: 2018-04-09

homepage: https://github.com/OllisGit/OctoPrint-DisplayLayerProgress
source: https://github.com/OllisGit/OctoPrint-DisplayLayerProgress
archive: https://github.com/OllisGit/OctoPrint-DisplayLayerProgress/archive/master.zip

follow_dependency_links: false

tags:
- display
- lcd
- printer
- progress
- layer

screenshots:
- url: /assets/img/plugins/DisplayLayerProgress/example-navbar-display.jpg
  alt: Example of NavBar Display
  caption: Example of NavBar Display
- url: /assets/img/plugins/DisplayLayerProgress/example-printer-display.jpg
  alt: Example of Printer Display
  caption: Example of Printer Display


featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/DisplayLayerProgress/example-navbar-display.jpg

---

A OctoPrint-Plugin that sends the current progress of a print via M117 command to the printer-display and also to the top navigation bar.
It shows the percentage, the current layer and the total layer count:

- Printer Display: 50% 60/120
- NavBar: Progress: 50% Layer: 60/120

**ATTENTION:** 
- The layer information output only works with Cura generated G-Code, because Cura insert the layer information (layer, layerCount) as comments in the file.
- If the layer-comments couldn't found, only the percentage will be displayed
- You need to upload your G-Code after installation of the plugin again (if you want to reuse already stored models in OctoPrint), because while uploading the G-Code is modfied


For implementation details please visit the [homepage]({{ page.homepage | absolute_url }}).
