_plugins/octopod.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: octopod
title: OctoPrint-OctoPod
description: OctoPrint plugin for OctoPod
author: Gaston Dombiak
license: Apache-2.0

date: 2019-05-28

homepage: https://github.com/gdombiak/OctoPrint-OctoPod
source: https://github.com/gdombiak/OctoPrint-OctoPod
archive: https://github.com/gdombiak/OctoPrint-OctoPod/archive/master.zip

tags:
- octopod
- bed temperature
- print finished
- iOS
- notifications
- mmu

compatibility:
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

screenshots:
- url: /assets/img/plugins/octopod/settings.png
  alt: Configure Notifications
  caption: Configure Notifications
- url: /assets/img/plugins/octopod/print_finished.jpg
  alt: Print Finished
  caption: Print Finished
- url: /assets/img/plugins/octopod/bed_warmed.jpg
  alt: Bed Warmed Up
  caption: Bed Warmed Up
- url: /assets/img/plugins/octopod/mmu_notification.png
  alt: MMU Notification
  caption: MMU Requires User Assistance

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/octopod/print_finished.jpg

---

This plugin sends immediate push notifications to your iOS devices when:
1. Print finished (includes camera snapshot)
1. Bed warmed up to target temp for a period of time. Helps get smooth first layers
1. Bed cooled down below specified threshold. Ideal to easily remove prints from bed
1. Extruder cooled down below specified threshold. Ideal to know when to turn printer off
1. Printer paused for user. This may happen when running out of filament or when doing manual multi color printing (M600) 
1. [Palette 2 / Pro](https://www.mosaicmfg.com/products/palette-2) encountered a problem while printing
1. [MMU](https://shop.prusa3d.com/en/upgrades/183-original-prusa-i3-mk25smk3s-multi-material-2s-upgrade-kit-mmu2s.html#) requires user assistance (requires Prusa firmware)
1. Firmware errors. Get security alerts like thermal runaway, probing failed, min temp error, max temp error, etc.


If you are using the free and open source [OctoPod](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/octopod-for-octoprint/id1412557625?mt=8)
to control your printer from any iOS device then this plugin is a great addition. If you
never heard of [OctoPod](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/octopod-for-octoprint/id1412557625?mt=8)
before then you are in for a treat. Here are some of its features: multiple printers support,
multiple cameras support including full screen with zoom in/out, control your printer using
Siri or from your Apple Watch, temperature charts including temp variance. You can cancel any object
being printed since it has support for [Cancel object plugin](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/cancelobject/).
But that is not the only supported plugin, here are other supported plugins: [TPLink](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/tplinksmartplug/),
[PSU Control](https://github.com/kantlivelong/OctoPrint-PSUControl), [Domoticz](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/domoticz/),
[Belkin Wemo](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/wemoswitch/), [Tasmota](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/tasmota/) and
[Custom Control ](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/customControl/). And now with this new
OctoPrint plugin we added real time notifications for some very useful features.

## Installation

Installation is super easy. There is no need to change your router configuration, do
port forwarding or open holes in your firewall. Just follow these steps and you will
be up and running in no time.

1. Download and install this plugin as you would do with any other OctoPrint plugin
1. Download [OctoPod](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/octopod-for-octoprint/id1412557625?mt=8) from the App Store
1. Start [OctoPod](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/octopod-for-octoprint/id1412557625?mt=8) so
it can receive notifications. This step is required for testing the plugin
1. Go to OctoPrint settings and configure this plugin
  * If needed, update _Snapshot URL_ to point to the camera that will provide an image when your print is finished
  * Click on _Send test notification_ to confirm setup is operational
  * Configure _Bed Notifications_ to receive cooled down or warm up bed events
  * Save settings and enjoy

Commit message:

Updated OctoPod plugin with newest features and screenshots

_plugins/octopod.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: octopod
title: OctoPrint-OctoPod
description: OctoPrint plugin for OctoPod
author: Gaston Dombiak
license: Apache-2.0

date: 2019-05-28

homepage: https://github.com/gdombiak/OctoPrint-OctoPod
source: https://github.com/gdombiak/OctoPrint-OctoPod
archive: https://github.com/gdombiak/OctoPrint-OctoPod/archive/master.zip

tags:
- octopod
- bed temperature
- print finished
- iOS
- notifications
- mmu
- ifttt

compatibility:
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

screenshots:
- url: /assets/img/plugins/octopod/settings.png
  alt: Configure Notifications
  caption: Configure Notifications
- url: /assets/img/plugins/octopod/print_finished.jpg
  alt: Print Finished
  caption: Print Finished
- url: /assets/img/plugins/octopod/bed_warmed.jpg
  alt: Bed Warmed Up
  caption: Bed Warmed Up
- url: /assets/img/plugins/octopod/mmu_notification.png
  alt: MMU Notification
  caption: MMU Requires User Assistance
- url: /assets/img/plugins/octopod/IFTTT.png
  alt: IFTTT Configuration
  caption: Events available for IFTTT

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/octopod/print_finished.jpg

---

This plugin sends immediate push notifications to your iOS devices or [IFTTT](https://ifttt.com/home) when:
1. Print finished (includes camera snapshot) or at specific progress percentages
1. Print reached specified layers (requires [DisplayLayerProgress plugin](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/DisplayLayerProgress/))
1. Bed warmed up to target temp for a period of time. Helps get smooth first layers
1. Bed cooled down below specified threshold. Ideal to easily remove prints from bed
1. Extruder cooled down below specified threshold. Ideal to know when to turn printer off
1. Printer paused for user. This may happen when running out of filament or when doing manual multi color printing (M600)
1. [Palette 2 / Pro](https://www.mosaicmfg.com/products/palette-2) encountered a problem while printing
1. [MMU](https://shop.prusa3d.com/en/upgrades/183-original-prusa-i3-mk25smk3s-multi-material-2s-upgrade-kit-mmu2s.html#) requires user assistance (requires Prusa firmware)
1. Firmware errors. Get security alerts like thermal runaway, probing failed, min temp error, max temp error, etc.


If you are using the free and open source [OctoPod](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/octopod-for-octoprint/id1412557625?mt=8)
to control your printer from any iOS device then this plugin is a great addition. If you
never heard of [OctoPod](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/octopod-for-octoprint/id1412557625?mt=8)
before then you are in for a treat. Here are some of its features: multiple printers support,
multiple cameras support including full screen with zoom in/out, control your printer using
Siri, your Apple Watch or your Apple TV, temperature charts including temp variance. You can cancel any object
being printed since it has support for [Cancel object plugin](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/cancelobject/).
But that is not the only supported plugin, here are other supported plugins: [TPLink](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/tplinksmartplug/),
[PSU Control](https://github.com/kantlivelong/OctoPrint-PSUControl), [Domoticz](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/domoticz/),
[Belkin Wemo](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/wemoswitch/), [Tasmota](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/tasmota/) and
[Custom Control ](https://plugins.octoprint.org/plugins/customControl/). And now with this new
OctoPrint plugin we added real time notifications for some very useful features.

## Installation

Installation is super easy. There is no need to change your router configuration, do
port forwarding or open holes in your firewall. Just follow these steps and you will
be up and running in no time.

1. Download and install this plugin as you would do with any other OctoPrint plugin
1. Download [OctoPod](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/octopod-for-octoprint/id1412557625?mt=8) from the App Store
1. Start [OctoPod](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/octopod-for-octoprint/id1412557625?mt=8) so
it can receive notifications. This step is required for testing the plugin
1. Go to OctoPrint settings and configure this plugin
  * If needed, update _Snapshot URL_ to point to the camera that will provide an image when your print is finished
  * Click on _Send test notification_ to confirm setup is operational
  * Configure _Bed Notifications_ to receive cooled down or warm up bed events
  * Save settings and enjoy
