_plugins/Plabric.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: Plabric
title: Plabric
description: Manage and control your 3D printer anywhere without port forwarding or VPN. 
author: Plabric
license: AGPLv3

date: 2020-02-10

homepage: https://plabric.com
source: https://github.com/plabric/Octoprint-Plabric
archive: https://github.com/plabric/Octoprint-Plabric/archive/master.zip

tags:
- control
- manage
- remote
- webcam stream
- phone
- cloud printing
- remote access

compatibility:

  octoprint:
  - 1.3.4+
  
  os:
  - linux
  - windows
  - macos
  - freebsd
---

# Plabric

Manage and control your 3D printer anywhere without port forwarding or VPN. 

Plabric plugin allows you to link your 3D printer with Plabric app. Discover all features on https://plabric.com

## How to install

Check our tutorial: [Install Plabric](https://plabric.com/connect)

Or install via the bundled [Plugin Manager](https://plugins.octoprint.org/help/installation/)
or manually using this URL:

     https://github.com/plabric/Octoprint-Plabric/archive/master.zip

Once the plugin is installed, follow the steps provided by te plugin for connect with your Plabric account.

You can find the steps accessing to plugin options:

<ol>
    <li>Click settings icon on Octoprint navigation bar.</li>
    <li>On the left scrollable panel, search Plabric menu option and click it.</li>
    <li>Follow the instructions provided.</li>
</ol>


## Support

Do you have any doubt or trouble installing the plugin? Contact us at [contact@plabric.com](mailto:contact@plabric.com)

Commit message:

Added info about video stream supported systems

_plugins/Plabric.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: Plabric
title: Plabric
description: Manage and control your 3D printer anywhere without port forwarding or VPN. 
author: Plabric
license: AGPLv3

date: 2020-02-10

homepage: https://plabric.com
source: https://github.com/plabric/Octoprint-Plabric
archive: https://github.com/plabric/Octoprint-Plabric/archive/master.zip

tags:
- control
- manage
- remote
- webcam stream
- phone
- cloud printing
- remote access

compatibility:

  octoprint:
  - 1.3.4+
  
  os:
  - linux
  - windows
  - macos
  - freebsd
---

# Plabric

Manage and control your 3D printer anywhere without port forwarding or VPN. 

Plabric plugin allows you to link your 3D printer with Plabric app. Discover all features on https://plabric.com

For the moment, video stream is only available on x86_64 and armv7l (Raspberry) linux systems.

## How to install

Check our tutorial: [Install Plabric](https://plabric.com/connect)

Or install via the bundled [Plugin Manager](https://plugins.octoprint.org/help/installation/)
or manually using this URL:

     https://github.com/plabric/Octoprint-Plabric/archive/master.zip

Once the plugin is installed, follow the steps provided by te plugin for connect with your Plabric account.

You can find the steps accessing to plugin options:

<ol>
    <li>Click settings icon on Octoprint navigation bar.</li>
    <li>On the left scrollable panel, search Plabric menu option and click it.</li>
    <li>Follow the instructions provided.</li>
</ol>


## Support

Do you have any doubt or trouble installing the plugin? Contact us at [contact@plabric.com](mailto:contact@plabric.com)
