_plugins/Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck
title: Python 3 Check
description: Checks installed plugins for Python 3 compatibility based on their entry in Plugin Repository.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2020-03-31

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck/archive/master.zip

compatibility:
  octoprint:
  - 1.3.11
  python: ">=2.7,<3"

---

# Python 3 Check

This plugin simply adds a section in settings that allows you to check your installed plugins against the OctoPrint Plugin Repository list to see which ones are not yet Python 3 compatible.

## Checking Compatibility

After installing, open OctoPrint's settings and click `Python 3 Check` in the plugins section. Press the `Check Compatibility` button and a list of links to the plugin's homepages will be generated. Click the link and open a new issue in the plugin's repository requesting for Python 3 compatibility.

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip if you find this plugin helpful.

[![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>

Commit message:

updated all my plugins with Patreon link

_plugins/Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck
title: Python 3 Check
description: Checks installed plugins for Python 3 compatibility based on their entry in Plugin Repository.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2020-03-31

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck/archive/master.zip

compatibility:
  octoprint:
  - 1.3.11
  python: ">=2.7,<3"

---

# Python 3 Check

This plugin simply adds a section in settings that allows you to check your installed plugins against the OctoPrint Plugin Repository list to see which ones are not yet Python 3 compatible.

## Checking Compatibility

After installing, open OctoPrint's settings and click `Python 3 Check` in the plugins section. Press the `Check Compatibility` button and a list of links to the plugin's homepages will be generated. Click the link and open a new issue in the plugin's repository requesting for Python 3 compatibility.

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](/assets/img/plugins/Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck/patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/Python3PluginCompatibilityCheck/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>
