_plugins/sidebartempgraph.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: sidebartempgraph
title: OctoPrint-SideBarTempGraph
description: Plugin to display temperature graph in the side bar.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2018-06-05

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-SideBarTempGraph
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-SideBarTempGraph
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-SideBarTempGraph/archive/master.zip

tags:
- sidebar
- side bar
- temperature
- graph

compatibility:
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/sidebartempgraph/screenshot.png

---

# Sidebar Temp Graph

Small plugin that adds a temperature graph to the side bar.  

**Note:** To change the location of the graph within the side bar install [OctoPrint-SidebarOrder](https://github.com/zoombahh/OctoPrint-SidebarOrder) plugin, use `plugin_sidebartempgraph` for the sidebar identifier.

## Screenshots

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/sidebartempgraph/screenshot.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip if you find this plugin helpful.

[![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/sidebartempgraph/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>

Commit message:

updated all my plugins with Patreon link

_plugins/sidebartempgraph.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: sidebartempgraph
title: OctoPrint-SideBarTempGraph
description: Plugin to display temperature graph in the side bar.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2018-06-05

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-SideBarTempGraph
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-SideBarTempGraph
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-SideBarTempGraph/archive/master.zip

tags:
- sidebar
- side bar
- temperature
- graph

compatibility:
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/sidebartempgraph/screenshot.png

---

# Sidebar Temp Graph

Small plugin that adds a temperature graph to the side bar.  

**Note:** To change the location of the graph within the side bar install [OctoPrint-SidebarOrder](https://github.com/zoombahh/OctoPrint-SidebarOrder) plugin, use `plugin_sidebartempgraph` for the sidebar identifier.

## Screenshots

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/sidebartempgraph/screenshot.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](/assets/img/plugins/sidebartempgraph/patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/sidebartempgraph/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>
