_plugins/taborder.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: taborder
title: OctoPrint-TabOrder
description: Simple plugin to allow the ordering of tabs within OctoPrint.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2018-01-22

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TabOrder
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TabOrder
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TabOrder/archive/master.zip

tags:
- ui
- tab
- sort

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/taborder/settings.png

compatibility:

  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0

  os:
  - linux
  - windows
  - macos
  - freebsd

  python: ">=2.7,<4"

---

# Tab Order

This plugin allows for controlling the order of tabs within the OctoPrint web interface. After changes are made you must do a force reload by holding down ctrl key while pressing the refresh button in your browser.

## Screenshots

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/taborder/screenshot.png)

## Settings

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/taborder/settings.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip if you find this plugin helpful.

[![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/taborder/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>

Commit message:

updated all my plugins with Patreon link

_plugins/taborder.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: taborder
title: OctoPrint-TabOrder
description: Simple plugin to allow the ordering of tabs within OctoPrint.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2018-01-22

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TabOrder
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TabOrder
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TabOrder/archive/master.zip

tags:
- ui
- tab
- sort

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/taborder/settings.png

compatibility:

  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0

  os:
  - linux
  - windows
  - macos
  - freebsd

  python: ">=2.7,<4"

---

# Tab Order

This plugin allows for controlling the order of tabs within the OctoPrint web interface. After changes are made you must do a force reload by holding down ctrl key while pressing the refresh button in your browser.

## Screenshots

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/taborder/screenshot.png)

## Settings

![screenshot](/assets/img/plugins/taborder/settings.png)

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](/assets/img/plugins/taborder/patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/taborder/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>
