_plugins/terminalcommandsextended.md, before:

---
layout: plugin

id: terminalcommandsextended
title: Terminal Commands Extended
description: Plugin that adds custom gcode command buttons to the Terminal tab.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2020-02-07

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TerminalCommandsExtended
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TerminalCommandsExtended
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TerminalCommandsExtended/archive/master.zip

follow_dependency_links: false

tags:
- terminal tab
- gcode
- commands

screenshots:
- url: /assets/img/plugins/terminalcommandsextended/screenshot_tab.png
  alt: Tab Screenshot
  caption: Tab Screenshot
- url: /assets/img/plugins/terminalcommandsextended/screenshot_settings.png
  alt: Settings Screenshot
  caption: Settings Screenshot
- url: /assets/img/plugins/terminalcommandsextended/screenshot_command_editor.png
  alt: Command Editor Screenshot
  caption: Command Editor Screenshot

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/terminalcommandsextended/screenshot_tab.png

compatibility:
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0
  os:
  - linux
  - windows
  - macos
  - freebsd
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

---

# Terminal Commands Extended
This plugin adds additional command buttons to the Terminal tab of OctoPrint.

## Configuration

Add buttons in settings. Use drop-down on added button to choose the icon and click added button to configure specific options for that button, including the command to run and optional paramaters.

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip if you find this plugin helpful.

[![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/terminalcommandsextended/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>

Commit message:

updated all my plugins with Patreon link

_plugins/terminalcommandsextended.md, after:

---
layout: plugin

id: terminalcommandsextended
title: Terminal Commands Extended
description: Plugin that adds custom gcode command buttons to the Terminal tab.
author: jneilliii
license: AGPLv3

date: 2020-02-07

homepage: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TerminalCommandsExtended
source: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TerminalCommandsExtended
archive: https://github.com/jneilliii/OctoPrint-TerminalCommandsExtended/archive/master.zip

follow_dependency_links: false

tags:
- terminal tab
- gcode
- commands

screenshots:
- url: /assets/img/plugins/terminalcommandsextended/screenshot_tab.png
  alt: Tab Screenshot
  caption: Tab Screenshot
- url: /assets/img/plugins/terminalcommandsextended/screenshot_settings.png
  alt: Settings Screenshot
  caption: Settings Screenshot
- url: /assets/img/plugins/terminalcommandsextended/screenshot_command_editor.png
  alt: Command Editor Screenshot
  caption: Command Editor Screenshot

featuredimage: /assets/img/plugins/terminalcommandsextended/screenshot_tab.png

compatibility:
  octoprint:
  - 1.2.0
  os:
  - linux
  - windows
  - macos
  - freebsd
  python: ">=2.7,<4"

---

# Terminal Commands Extended
This plugin adds additional command buttons to the Terminal tab of OctoPrint.

## Configuration

Add buttons in settings. Use drop-down on added button to choose the icon and click added button to configure specific options for that button, including the command to run and optional paramaters.

## Get Help

If you experience issues with this plugin or need assistance please use the issue tracker at the plugin's Homepage linked on the right.

### Additional Plugins

Check out my other plugins [here](https://plugins.octoprint.org/by_author/#jneilliii)

### Support My Efforts
I, jneilliii, programmed this plugin for fun and do my best effort to support those that have issues with it, please return the favor and leave me a tip or become a Patron if you find this plugin helpful and want me to continue future development.

[![Patreon](/assets/img/plugins/terminalcommandsextended/patreon-with-text-new.png)](https://www.patreon.com/jneilliii) [![paypal](/assets/img/plugins/terminalcommandsextended/paypal-with-text.png)](https://paypal.me/jneilliii)

<small>No paypal.me? Send funds via PayPal to jneilliii&#64;gmail&#46;com</small>
