help/registering/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Registering a new plugin
---

The OctoPrint Plugin Repository is hosted on [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/).
You can register new plugins by forking [the source](https://github.com/OctoPrint/plugins.octoprint.org) and just 
editing it accordingly. 

--- 

**Before registering your plugin, please check the following:**

  * Your plugin doesn't have any additional code in its <code>setup.py</code> that would run directly on
    plugin installation, or any additional code in its <code>__init__.py</code> that would run outside of 
    OctoPrint's plugin framework just by loading it.

  * Your plugin doesn't attempt to modify the user's system without their knowledge, e.g. by trying to install
    additional system packages, services or the like. If your plugin needs additional steps like this to function,
    add a wizard dialog that prompts the user to do these things, do <em>not</em> do them automatically.
    
    Exception: Fetching additional Python dependencies from the Python Package Index through `plugin_requires` in your 
    `setup.py` is fine.
    
  * If your plugin interacts with external services it will do so over secured connections with a valid certificate only 
    (`https://someservice.com` instead of `http://130.47.11.15`). This also includes embedding any kinds of iframes in 
    the web interface. Also include this kind of information in the plugin's long description (see below)!

  * If your plugin requires the use of external services, and those services are unreachable (say for example a user's 
    internet is down or the OctoPrint instance runs offline in general), your plugin must fail in a way that does 
    not cause OctoPrint to malfunction.

  * If your plugin contains any kind of tracking code, e.g. for anonymous user statistics to help with 
    development, use an *opt-in* mechanism for this. Also include this kind of information in the plugin's long 
    description (see below)! 
    
    The privacy of your users always takes precedence over your need for usage data!
  
  * If your plugin makes use of the [`octoprint.plugin.softwareupdate.check_config` hook](http://docs.octoprint.org/en/master/bundledplugins/softwareupdate.html#octoprint-plugin-softwareupdate-check-config) 
    so that it may be updated through OctoPrint on a new release (highly recommended!) make sure that that hook's handler uses your plugin's identifier 
    and points to your plugin's repository.
    
  * Your plugin is compatible to Python 3. Python 2 is EOL. OctoPrint 1.4.0 does support Python 2 and Python 3, plugins
    will be expected to do so as well (or at least support Python 3) during a transition period of roughly a year after
    the release of OctoPrint 1.4.0 to allow a migration of the whole ecosystem.
  
Be aware that plugins that don't follow the above will not be allowed to register on the repository. If you have any questions
about any of these points, feel free to get in touch [on the forum](https://community.octoprint.org/c/development).

---

If all is in the green, follow these steps:

 1. [Fork the `OctoPrint/plugins.octoprint.org` repository on Github](https://github.com/OctoPrint/plugins.octoprint.org)
    to your own account.

 2. Clone the repository to your computer and change into it:
 
        git clone git@github.com:<your account>/plugins.octoprint.org
        cd plugins.octoprint.org
 
 3. Create a new file in the `_plugins` folder called `<your plugin's identifier>.md`.

    <div class="alert alert-danger">
        <strong>Important:</strong> Make sure <code>your plugin's identifier</code> is the same you will register your plugin under with OctoPrint! So if you 
        used <code>my_awesome_plugin</code> as <code>plugin_identifier</code> during plugin creation
        make sure to use that exactly like that here too. Take also care of upper vs. lower case here, <code>MY_awesOmE_PlUGIN</code> 
        is not the same as <code>my_awesome_plugin</code>.
    </div>
    
    Use this template:

    ```markdown
    ---
    layout: plugin

    id: your plugin's identifier
    title: your plugin's name
    description: short description of your plugin
    author: your name
    license: your plugin's license

    # today's date in format YYYY-MM-DD, e.g.
    date: 2015-06-22

    homepage: your plugin's homepage
    source: your plugin's source repository
    archive: archive link to install your plugin via pip, e.g. from github: https://github.com/username/repository/archive/master.zip

    # Set this to true if your plugin uses the dependency_links setup parameter to include
    # library versions not yet published on pypi. SHOULD ONLY BE USED IF THERE IS NO OTHER OPTION!
    #follow_dependency_links: false

    tags:
    - a list
    - of tags
    - that apply
    - to your plugin
    - (take a look at the existing plugins for what makes sense here)

    screenshots:
    - url: url of a screenshot, /assets/img/...
      alt: alt-text of a screenshot
      caption: caption of a screenshot
    - url: url of another screenshot, /assets/img/...
      alt: alt-text of another screenshot
      caption: caption of another screenshot
    - ...

    featuredimage: url of a featured image for your plugin, /assets/img/...

    # You only need the following if your plugin requires specific OctoPrint versions or
    # specific operating systems to function - you can safely remove the whole
    # "compatibility" block if this is not the case.

    compatibility:

      # List of compatible versions
      #
      # A single version number will be interpretated as a minimum version requirement,
      # e.g. "1.3.1" will show the plugin as compatible to OctoPrint versions 1.3.1 and up.
      # More sophisticated version requirements can be modelled too by using PEP440
      # compatible version specifiers.
      #
      # You can also remove the whole "octoprint" block. Removing it will default to all
      # OctoPrint versions being supported.

      octoprint:
      - 1.3.0

      # List of compatible operating systems
      #
      # Possible values:
      #
      # - windows
      # - linux
      # - macos
      # - freebsd
      #
      # There are also two OS groups defined that get expanded on usage:
      #
      # - posix: linux, macos and freebsd
      # - nix: linux and freebsd
      #
      # You can also remove the whole "os" block. Removing it will default to all
      # operating systems being supported.

      os:
      - linux
      - windows
      - macos
      - freebsd

      # Compatible Python version
      #
      # Plugins should aim for compatibility for Python 2 and 3 for now, in which case the value should be ">=2.7,<4".
      #
      # Plugins that only wish to support Python 3 should set it to ">=3,<4". 
      #
      # If your plugin only supports Python 2 (worst case, not recommended for newly developed plugins since Python 2
      # is EOL), leave at ">=2.7,<3"
      
      python: ">=2.7,<3"
      
    ---

    Longer description of your plugin, configuration examples etc. This part will be visible on the page at
    plugins.octoprint.org/plugin/<your plugin identifier>/
    
    Use Markdown for formatting.
    ```
    
    <div class="alert">
        <strong>Note:</strong> If you used <code>octoprint dev plugin:new</code> or the <a href="https://github.com/OctoPrint/cookiecutter-octoprint-plugin">OctoPrint cookiecutter template</a> for your
        plugin as suggested in the <a href="http://docs.octoprint.org/en/master/plugins/gettingstarted.html#growing-up-how-to-make-it-distributable">Getting Started guide</a>, 
        it created a pre-filled file for you under <code>extras/&lt;your plugin's identifier&gt;.md</code> you just have to complete. Then 
        copy it to <code>_plugins/&lt;your plugin's identifier&gt;</code>.
    </div>

    You may add screenshots to `assets/img/plugins/<your plugin's identifier>/` (you'll need to create
    this folder). You can then reference them as `/assets/img/plugins/<your plugin's identifier>/your_image.png` (the
    leading `/` here is important!).
    
    The image you define as `featuredimage` will be included in the plugin repository's RSS feed and plugins.json file. 
    Future versions of the plugin manager might also display it within OctoPrint.

    **Some general guidelines:**
    
      * Your **short description** should give a user scrolling through the repository a quick idea of what your plugin provides.
        Don't write a novel here, but if possible be a bit more verbose than just basically repeating your plugin's name.

      * Use the **long description** to really explain what your plugin does. Don't just repeat the short description here.
        If your plugin has additional requirements (e.g. specific hardware or software), include that here and also
        explain how to get those. Use [Markdown](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) for formatting.
        
      * Make sure you **your plugin is Python 3 compatible and mark it as such** using the ``compatibility.python``
        property. Newly registered plugins will be expected to be compatible *at least* to Python 3, ideally to
        *both Python 2 and 3* during a transition period of roughly a year after release of OctoPrint 1.4.0.

      * **Include screenshots and a featured image!** The best way to show users what your plugin does and what they may 
        expect from it is to simply include some screenshots that show exactly that. A picture is worth more than a
        thousand words as they say. If your plugin doesn't visually modify OctoPrint in any way, please include that 
        fact in the long description.
        
      * **Do not directly embed third party screenshots/widgets/iframes!** Thanks to the EU's 
        [GDPR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Data_Protection_Regulation) this could cause us severe 
        legal problems. If you want to embed a YouTube video showing off your plugin, use the provided ``youtube.html``
        include:
        
        ```
        {% raw %}{% include youtube.html vid="<youtube video id>" preview="<preview image, '/assets/img/...'>" %}{% endraw %}
        ```
        
        That will make sure that no connection to YouTube is done without the user's consent. You can fetch the
        preview image of your video at ``https://i.ytimg.com/vi/<youtube video id>/maxresdefault.jpg`` or with the 
        ``fetch_yt_preview`` bash script included in the repository. If you use the latter you can leave out the
        ``preview`` parameter to the include.

    If you are unsure about how something should be structured take a look at the existing plugins or 
    [ask on the forum](https://community.octoprint.org/c/development).

 4. Ideally, you'll test that your plugin gets listed correctly and the plugin page looks
    as expected. For this you'll need to install [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/), which is what [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) and hence
    the plugin repository uses for rendering the static repository from the source files. Make sure you have at least [Ruby 2.0](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
    installed.
    
    Github offers [a nice setup guide](https://help.github.com/articles/using-jekyll-with-pages/) that makes sure you 
    have the exact versions of everything you need to run.
    
    <div class="alert">
        <strong>Note:</strong> If you want to install Jekyll on Windows, you might want to give <a href="http://jekyll-windows.juthilo.com/">this step-by-step guide</a>
        a look. You might run into some issues with the <code>hitimes</code> gem since at the time of writing this it hasn't yet
        been adapted to the changes introduced in Ruby 2.2. If this is the case, take a look <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/questions/28985481/hitimes-require-error-when-running-jekyll-serve-on-windows-8-1">here</a>.
    </div>
     
    After installing Jekyll, a simple
    
        bundle exec jekyll serve
    
    will start up a server listening on [localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) serving the whole page.
    Make sure your plugin shows up there under "Recently added" and the other listing types and that it page
    looks as you expected.

 5. Commit your changes:
 
        git add _plugins/<your plugin's identifier>.md
        git add assets/img/plugins/<your plugin's identifier>
        git commit
    
    Please use a meaningful commit message (e.g. "Added plugin <your plugin's identifier").

 6. Push your changes to your fork on Github:
  
        git push

 7. Create a pull request on Github against the original repository.

    Note that a Continous Integration server is configured that will test your PR to make sure the site still builds and the generated
    feeds of the plugin repository are still valid. If something turns out to be amiss here, you can find out what's up by clicking on the
    red "X" marking the build of your PR as failed.

 8. Once your pull request is merged, your plugin will be listed. Congratulations! 🎉

Commit message:

Link to Py3 compat testing forum post

help/registering/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Registering a new plugin
---

The OctoPrint Plugin Repository is hosted on [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/).
You can register new plugins by forking [the source](https://github.com/OctoPrint/plugins.octoprint.org) and just 
editing it accordingly. 

--- 

**Before registering your plugin, please check the following:**

  * Your plugin doesn't have any additional code in its <code>setup.py</code> that would run directly on
    plugin installation, or any additional code in its <code>__init__.py</code> that would run outside of 
    OctoPrint's plugin framework just by loading it.

  * Your plugin doesn't attempt to modify the user's system without their knowledge, e.g. by trying to install
    additional system packages, services or the like. If your plugin needs additional steps like this to function,
    add a wizard dialog that prompts the user to do these things, do <em>not</em> do them automatically.
    
    Exception: Fetching additional Python dependencies from the Python Package Index through `plugin_requires` in your 
    `setup.py` is fine.
    
  * If your plugin interacts with external services it will do so over secured connections with a valid certificate only 
    (`https://someservice.com` instead of `http://130.47.11.15`). This also includes embedding any kinds of iframes in 
    the web interface. Also include this kind of information in the plugin's long description (see below)!

  * If your plugin requires the use of external services, and those services are unreachable (say for example a user's 
    internet is down or the OctoPrint instance runs offline in general), your plugin must fail in a way that does 
    not cause OctoPrint to malfunction.

  * If your plugin contains any kind of tracking code, e.g. for anonymous user statistics to help with 
    development, use an *opt-in* mechanism for this. Also include this kind of information in the plugin's long 
    description (see below)! 
    
    The privacy of your users always takes precedence over your need for usage data!
  
  * If your plugin makes use of the [`octoprint.plugin.softwareupdate.check_config` hook](http://docs.octoprint.org/en/master/bundledplugins/softwareupdate.html#octoprint-plugin-softwareupdate-check-config) 
    so that it may be updated through OctoPrint on a new release (highly recommended!) make sure that that hook's handler uses your plugin's identifier 
    and points to your plugin's repository.
    
  * Your plugin is compatible to Python 3. Python 2 is EOL. OctoPrint 1.4.0 does support Python 2 and Python 3, plugins
    will be expected to do so as well (or at least support Python 3) during a transition period of roughly a year after
    the release of OctoPrint 1.4.0 to allow a migration of the whole ecosystem. Read more on how to test this [in this forum post](https://community.octoprint.org/t/towards-python-3-and-octoprint-1-4-0/12382).
  
Be aware that plugins that don't follow the above will not be allowed to register on the repository. If you have any questions
about any of these points, feel free to get in touch [on the forum](https://community.octoprint.org/c/development).

---

If all is in the green, follow these steps:

 1. [Fork the `OctoPrint/plugins.octoprint.org` repository on Github](https://github.com/OctoPrint/plugins.octoprint.org)
    to your own account.

 2. Clone the repository to your computer and change into it:
 
        git clone git@github.com:<your account>/plugins.octoprint.org
        cd plugins.octoprint.org
 
 3. Create a new file in the `_plugins` folder called `<your plugin's identifier>.md`.

    <div class="alert alert-danger">
        <strong>Important:</strong> Make sure <code>your plugin's identifier</code> is the same you will register your plugin under with OctoPrint! So if you 
        used <code>my_awesome_plugin</code> as <code>plugin_identifier</code> during plugin creation
        make sure to use that exactly like that here too. Take also care of upper vs. lower case here, <code>MY_awesOmE_PlUGIN</code> 
        is not the same as <code>my_awesome_plugin</code>.
    </div>
    
    Use this template:

    ```markdown
    ---
    layout: plugin

    id: your plugin's identifier
    title: your plugin's name
    description: short description of your plugin
    author: your name
    license: your plugin's license

    # today's date in format YYYY-MM-DD, e.g.
    date: 2015-06-22

    homepage: your plugin's homepage
    source: your plugin's source repository
    archive: archive link to install your plugin via pip, e.g. from github: https://github.com/username/repository/archive/master.zip

    # Set this to true if your plugin uses the dependency_links setup parameter to include
    # library versions not yet published on pypi. SHOULD ONLY BE USED IF THERE IS NO OTHER OPTION!
    #follow_dependency_links: false

    tags:
    - a list
    - of tags
    - that apply
    - to your plugin
    - (take a look at the existing plugins for what makes sense here)

    screenshots:
    - url: url of a screenshot, /assets/img/...
      alt: alt-text of a screenshot
      caption: caption of a screenshot
    - url: url of another screenshot, /assets/img/...
      alt: alt-text of another screenshot
      caption: caption of another screenshot
    - ...

    featuredimage: url of a featured image for your plugin, /assets/img/...

    # You only need the following if your plugin requires specific OctoPrint versions or
    # specific operating systems to function - you can safely remove the whole
    # "compatibility" block if this is not the case.

    compatibility:

      # List of compatible versions
      #
      # A single version number will be interpretated as a minimum version requirement,
      # e.g. "1.3.1" will show the plugin as compatible to OctoPrint versions 1.3.1 and up.
      # More sophisticated version requirements can be modelled too by using PEP440
      # compatible version specifiers.
      #
      # You can also remove the whole "octoprint" block. Removing it will default to all
      # OctoPrint versions being supported.

      octoprint:
      - 1.3.0

      # List of compatible operating systems
      #
      # Possible values:
      #
      # - windows
      # - linux
      # - macos
      # - freebsd
      #
      # There are also two OS groups defined that get expanded on usage:
      #
      # - posix: linux, macos and freebsd
      # - nix: linux and freebsd
      #
      # You can also remove the whole "os" block. Removing it will default to all
      # operating systems being supported.

      os:
      - linux
      - windows
      - macos
      - freebsd

      # Compatible Python version
      #
      # Plugins should aim for compatibility for Python 2 and 3 for now, in which case the value should be ">=2.7,<4".
      #
      # Plugins that only wish to support Python 3 should set it to ">=3,<4". 
      #
      # If your plugin only supports Python 2 (worst case, not recommended for newly developed plugins since Python 2
      # is EOL), leave at ">=2.7,<3"
      
      python: ">=2.7,<3"
      
    ---

    Longer description of your plugin, configuration examples etc. This part will be visible on the page at
    plugins.octoprint.org/plugin/<your plugin identifier>/
    
    Use Markdown for formatting.
    ```
    
    <div class="alert">
        <strong>Note:</strong> If you used <code>octoprint dev plugin:new</code> or the <a href="https://github.com/OctoPrint/cookiecutter-octoprint-plugin">OctoPrint cookiecutter template</a> for your
        plugin as suggested in the <a href="http://docs.octoprint.org/en/master/plugins/gettingstarted.html#growing-up-how-to-make-it-distributable">Getting Started guide</a>, 
        it created a pre-filled file for you under <code>extras/&lt;your plugin's identifier&gt;.md</code> you just have to complete. Then 
        copy it to <code>_plugins/&lt;your plugin's identifier&gt;</code>.
    </div>

    You may add screenshots to `assets/img/plugins/<your plugin's identifier>/` (you'll need to create
    this folder). You can then reference them as `/assets/img/plugins/<your plugin's identifier>/your_image.png` (the
    leading `/` here is important!).
    
    The image you define as `featuredimage` will be included in the plugin repository's RSS feed and plugins.json file. 
    Future versions of the plugin manager might also display it within OctoPrint.

    **Some general guidelines:**
    
      * Your **short description** should give a user scrolling through the repository a quick idea of what your plugin provides.
        Don't write a novel here, but if possible be a bit more verbose than just basically repeating your plugin's name.

      * Use the **long description** to really explain what your plugin does. Don't just repeat the short description here.
        If your plugin has additional requirements (e.g. specific hardware or software), include that here and also
        explain how to get those. Use [Markdown](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet) for formatting.
        
      * Make sure you **your plugin is Python 3 compatible and mark it as such** using the ``compatibility.python``
        property. Newly registered plugins will be expected to be compatible *at least* to Python 3, ideally to
        *both Python 2 and 3* during a transition period of roughly a year after release of OctoPrint 1.4.0.

      * **Include screenshots and a featured image!** The best way to show users what your plugin does and what they may 
        expect from it is to simply include some screenshots that show exactly that. A picture is worth more than a
        thousand words as they say. If your plugin doesn't visually modify OctoPrint in any way, please include that 
        fact in the long description.
        
      * **Do not directly embed third party screenshots/widgets/iframes!** Thanks to the EU's 
        [GDPR](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/General_Data_Protection_Regulation) this could cause us severe 
        legal problems. If you want to embed a YouTube video showing off your plugin, use the provided ``youtube.html``
        include:
        
        ```
        {% raw %}{% include youtube.html vid="<youtube video id>" preview="<preview image, '/assets/img/...'>" %}{% endraw %}
        ```
        
        That will make sure that no connection to YouTube is done without the user's consent. You can fetch the
        preview image of your video at ``https://i.ytimg.com/vi/<youtube video id>/maxresdefault.jpg`` or with the 
        ``fetch_yt_preview`` bash script included in the repository. If you use the latter you can leave out the
        ``preview`` parameter to the include.

    If you are unsure about how something should be structured take a look at the existing plugins or 
    [ask on the forum](https://community.octoprint.org/c/development).

 4. Ideally, you'll test that your plugin gets listed correctly and the plugin page looks
    as expected. For this you'll need to install [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/), which is what [Github Pages](https://pages.github.com/) and hence
    the plugin repository uses for rendering the static repository from the source files. Make sure you have at least [Ruby 2.0](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/)
    installed.
    
    Github offers [a nice setup guide](https://help.github.com/articles/using-jekyll-with-pages/) that makes sure you 
    have the exact versions of everything you need to run.
    
    <div class="alert">
        <strong>Note:</strong> If you want to install Jekyll on Windows, you might want to give <a href="http://jekyll-windows.juthilo.com/">this step-by-step guide</a>
        a look. You might run into some issues with the <code>hitimes</code> gem since at the time of writing this it hasn't yet
        been adapted to the changes introduced in Ruby 2.2. If this is the case, take a look <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/questions/28985481/hitimes-require-error-when-running-jekyll-serve-on-windows-8-1">here</a>.
    </div>
     
    After installing Jekyll, a simple
    
        bundle exec jekyll serve
    
    will start up a server listening on [localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000) serving the whole page.
    Make sure your plugin shows up there under "Recently added" and the other listing types and that it page
    looks as you expected.

 5. Commit your changes:
 
        git add _plugins/<your plugin's identifier>.md
        git add assets/img/plugins/<your plugin's identifier>
        git commit
    
    Please use a meaningful commit message (e.g. "Added plugin <your plugin's identifier").

 6. Push your changes to your fork on Github:
  
        git push

 7. Create a pull request on Github against the original repository.

    Note that a Continous Integration server is configured that will test your PR to make sure the site still builds and the generated
    feeds of the plugin repository are still valid. If something turns out to be amiss here, you can find out what's up by clicking on the
    red "X" marking the build of your PR as failed.

 8. Once your pull request is merged, your plugin will be listed. Congratulations! 🎉
